Use Google team calendar to track operator duty (#6008) (#6020)
DataBiosphere/azul: OPERATOR.rst

Operator jobs
-------------

First order of business: add a calendar event for the next scheduled operator
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> As soon as your shift begins and and before performing any other actions as an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As soon as your shift begins and before performing any other actions as an
```

operator create the following Google Calendar event in the Team Boardwalk
calendar. This is done to keep the schedule up-to-date and to allow the next
scheduled operator to receive a notification via the `#team-boardwalk Slack

> channel`_ when their shift begins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
calendar.
```

It's mainly done so that we can keep track of the operator workload.

Using the Google Calendar dashboard, follow these steps to create the event for

> the next operator:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the Google Calendar dashboard, follow these steps to create the event for
the next operator:
```

I'm not aware of such a dashboard. Do you mean just the calendar page? Is there a link we can use here?

Author: Yeah, I meant just the calendar page, apologies.

I've added the link to our team's calendar.

#. Click the ``+ Create`` button, and then ``Event``

#. Give the event a title using the format ``Azul Operator: <name>``

#. Set the scheduled time:

    #. Select the ``All day`` option.

    #. Set the date range, typically starting on a Monday and spanning two weeks
       to end on a Sunday.

> #. Finally, select the ``Team Boardwalk`` calendar and click ``Save``

Reviewer: This is a little verbose. I think we all know how to create a calendar event.

```suggestion
In the Team Boardwalk calendar, create an all-day calendar event for the two weeks after your current stint, using the title ``Azul Operator: <name>`` with the name of the operator who will be serving next.

If you are aware of any schedule irregularities, such as one operator performing more than one consecutive stints, create events for those as well.
```

Operator jobs
-------------

> First order of business

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Add a calendar event for the next scheduled operator
```

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Create a google calendar event using the Team Boardwalk calendar, this is done
> in order to track your upcoming operator stint and receive a notification via
> `#team-boardwalk Slack channel`_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Creating a Google Calendar event in the Team Boardwalk calendar for the next scheduled operator will keep the schedule up-to-date and allow the next scheduled operator to receive a notification via the `#team-boardwalk Slack channel`_ when their shift begins.
```

> From the Google Calendar dashboard, ensure you perform the following steps to
> create the appropriate event:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using the Google Calendar dashboard, follow these steps to create the event for the next operator:
```

> #. Click the ``+ Create`` button and select the first option, namely ``Event``

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#. Click the ``+ Create`` button, and then ``Event``
```

> #. Next, you'll be prompted for a title, use something like
>    ``Azul Operator: <your name>``

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#. Give the event a title using the format ``Azul Operator: <name>``
```

> #. The start of this event will typically be a Monday (unless is a holiday,
>    in which case the next available working day is appropriate) that denotes
>    the beginning of your upcoming operator stint
> 
> #. The end of this event should be the second Sunday of the stint's period
>    (if it's a three week stint, then the third Sunday is appropriate)
> 
> #. Make sure to click the ``All day`` checkbox option

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#. Set the scheduled time. Select the ``All day`` option, and set the date range, typically starting on a Monday and spanning two weeks to end on a Sunday.
```

#. Finally, select the ``Team Boardwalk`` calendar and click ``Save``

> As a final saniity check, this newly created event should be preceded by the
> next operator's stint. In other words, there should be a total of three stints
> tracked in the calendar, this one you're just starting, the next operator sting
> and your next operator stint.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
